README.md, before:

# webex-rust

[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webex)](https://crates.io/crates/webex)
[![docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/webex)](https://docs.rs/webex)

A minimal asynchronous interface to Webex Teams, intended for (but not
		limited to) implementing bots.

Current functionality includes:

- Registration with Webex APIs
- Monitoring an event stream
- Sending direct or group messages
- Getting room memberships
- Building AdaptiveCards and retrieving responses

Not all features are fully-fleshed out, particularly the AdaptiveCard
support (only a few serializations exist, enough to create a form with a
		few choices, a text box, and a submit button).

# DISCLAIMER

This crate is not maintained by Cisco, and not an official SDK.  The
authors are current developers at Cisco, but have no direct affiliation
with the Webex development team.

## License

webex-rust is provided under the MIT license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: add read status synchronization API
Add Webex API support for read status synchronization:
- mark_message_as_read() and mark_message_as_unread() methods
- Enhanced Membership and Room types with read status fields
- WebSocket event handling for memberships:seen events
- Improved room listing with read status information

Part of webex-tui #92 read status synchronization feature

README.md, after:

# webex-rust

[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/webex)](https://crates.io/crates/webex)
[![docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/webex)](https://docs.rs/webex)

A minimal asynchronous interface to Webex Teams, intended for (but not
		limited to) implementing bots.

Current functionality includes:

- Registration with Webex APIs
- Monitoring an event stream
- Sending direct or group messages
- Getting room memberships
- Marking messages as read or unread (syncs read status across all clients)
- Building AdaptiveCards and retrieving responses

Not all features are fully-fleshed out, particularly the AdaptiveCard
support (only a few serializations exist, enough to create a form with a
		few choices, a text box, and a submit button).

# DISCLAIMER

This crate is not maintained by Cisco, and not an official SDK.  The
authors are current developers at Cisco, but have no direct affiliation
with the Webex development team.

## License

webex-rust is provided under the MIT license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).
